QA (landing pages & reference) (#187)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/deck/object-defaults.md

  - /deck/
---

> {{ page.description | liquify }} You can see what the defaults are for each object in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{site.base_gateway}} sets some default values for most objects, including Kong plugins. You can see what the defaults are for each object in the
```
